MY Lord!
Are the Ottomans so cruel as to interrupt
our love?
They will pay for it. my beloved.
Come on.
Is this one necessary?
Can't we all live in peace with God and
death for us?
You are my reason for being Elizabeth.
Take care of yourself. my king.
my life.
Because I cannot survive without you.
That's enough. my lord.
Four calls.
Victory is yours.
My men will take you to Vilna Castle.
To our cause. you will be safe here.
This battle will be blood in your
hands.
The dead will number in the thousands.
Are you sure God wills this?
Our kingdom is the most vested against the
Muslims.
We have faith in our Lord.
I do.
I am ready to die for you.
Then help is for variance to the last
name.
I will fight in his name. but I ask him
for one favor.
I am missing my son.
I want him to spare my wife.
If she doesn't survive. I won't be able to
go on.
Everything that was needed in life would
become unbearable.
Come yourself. you are his place for me.
Lord. if you like. you must honor and
serve him.
Lord. he gave me love as well.
He cannot blame me for being unable to
live without it.
If he takes her life. he can take mine
too.
I will pray for you at best.
No. don't pray.
Tell him.
What a prince!
They're here in the forest.
What is your plan. sir?
Take her. sir!
Speak.
There was an ambush.
She managed to escape.
Where did she go?
To forest of Orcs.
He's been praying for her since you left.
So God is dead?
Or you did not pray hard enough?
My prince. God has his own reasons.
It's not for us to question him.
Perhaps she had another destiny.
She has no other destiny.
She is dead!
And he didn't even allow me to say goodbye
to her.
And may he or they'll go to send her back
to me.
It's impossible.
Why?
It was God does not perform the
inclination.
But he can perform miracle.
Can he not?
If you pray hard enough. he will listen to
you.
Please. tell him.
Tell him!
She was a good person and a pure soul.
I'm sure God will take care of her.
You ought to vote me.
I've done everything he has asked.
My soul is stained with the blood of our
enemies whom I have killed in his name.
I don't have the answers. my prince.
I'm only his humble messenger.
Good.
I have a message that I wanted to deliver
to him.
Tell your God that until he brings me back
my wife. my life no longer belongs to him.
Is he much appropriate?
Father?
Dr. Dimon?
I presume.
Yes.
You are a very beautiful gentleman.
Yes. it's true.
Thank you for making this trip.
Father.
It must have been a long and arduous
journey.
Exhausting.
I must admit.
That's why I'm partaking of some light
refreshment I've found right here.
I hope you don't mind.
Not at all.
You're most kind.
I'm sure it tastes much better than the
beer in my native Bavaria.
I'm sorry to welcome you in such an
ingracious manner that I'm afraid the
hospital administration and diocese don't
support your presence here.
I'm used to it.
The church and the scientific academies
don't get along very well.
That's why the Vatican
for centuries has been in the
habit of delegating its
most delicate cases to us.
This case is very delicate.
The queen of Inander self is concerned.
The queen... exciting.
It's the ceremony of the centenary of the
French Revolution.
In a few days. there's a lot of excitement
everywhere.
It wasn't many changes.
My friend shall fly away.
She was quite aggressive when we beat her
up.
A real beast.
Even animals are a casualty of little
humanity.
What do we know about her?
Aria de Montebello. 25. from Bologna.
Italy. engaged to Mary Henry. William
Spencer. here in Paris. and a great nephew
by a marriage of the queen herself.
That's why this case is so delicate.
more than delicate. sensitive.
Anything else I should know?
From what I've been told. to
dig in during the wedding which
took place on the family estate
as Maria objected to a church.
However. the groom had invited the bishop
of Westminster to bless the union.
and at the site of the
clergyman. the bride was seized
with hysteria and a sexual
appetite beyond comprehension.
Are the connects going to be a sign of
very good health. can they not. doctor?
Well. Saturn weather limits.
May I?
Sure.
Going on the 18th of March. 1759.
It must be a clerical error. otherwise it
would mean that she is...
130 years old. exactly.
I don't really know.
So you believe that this woman is a
creature of death?
Well. it's the conclusion. doctor.
Very often when a
situation escapes our
understanding. we see
in it the work of the devil.
Well. the fact that she's
old and allergic to God's
representatives is merely
a symptom. not a disease.
It is very important in cases like this to
study. to observe without prejudice.
We must follow the rules
and laws of nature. science.
mathematics. not those of
superstition and the church.
Which I must admit can be a trifle
obscure.
You see. doctor. we have to approach this
like a criminal investigation.
First establish a fact.
From there we deduce the motives.
the circumstances. the location.
Could you hold this. please?
And the murder went through this.
My order has been studied in this
phenomenon for more than 400 years.
I personally for more than 30.
And I can state for the
record. doctor. you are
the first one to have
captured a specimen alive.
Congratulations.
Thank you. doctor.
What exactly did I capture?
A vampire.
Don't listen to him. doctor.
Help me.
I'll let you do whatever you want.
Smell it. please.
The oversized canines could be a clue. but
they could also be a natural explanation.
So we must look elsewhere.
Now. this creature. like any other.
is definitely the work of our Lord.
But for some mysterious reason.
it seems God may have other plans with it.
The contrary to popular belief. vampires
adapt very well to light in general.
But it is direct rays they cannot take.
This is crazy.
It doesn't make any sense.
Again. you may be right.
This could be just another
anomaly of nature. so we
have to continue until
we find irrefutable proof.
Well. I think we have all the proof we
need. doctor. don't you?
This is beyond science and understanding.
That's why I am here.
My dear child. may I call you Maria?
Here. call me with your Lord. Father.
I want your Lord.
Maria. if you answer my questions nicely.
I will give you what you want.
You know my desires.
I know your needs.
Allow me.
Come a little closer. that's all.
Science requires sacrifice.
Are you ready to make one?
I suppose so.
What are you doing?
You dropped some blood on me. your
contribution to science.
And by your mental soup. you'll feel like
an idiot.
Thank you.
Maria. show me your neck. please.
You see. she's not a first-generation
vampire.
See. you mean there could be more of them.
We're not a doubt.
For 400 years now. we've been looking for
the source.
The source?
Yes.
My left.
Who is he?
What's his name?
Where can we find him?
No. don't bother.
He'll find you.
Is he in Paris?
No. very soon.
Maria.
Who is he?
He's a prince.
A prince?
He's come for the celebration.
He comes to find his princess.
His princess?
Who is she?
What does she look like?
Very beautiful.
More blood. please.
Joanna. more would be greedy.
So. what is your conclusion?
Now we can find a princess who will lead
us to her prince.
Good luck.
Thank you.
Take this road.
It is at the end.
Can you help me with my nugget?
I'll leave my horses alone.
Too many voles around.
Not to him.
You have a crucifix with you?
No.
They might keep it always with you.
Thank you. but I do not believe in God.
Then pray God believes in you.
Hello?
Is anybody here?
Excuse me.
I... You surprised me.
I desire to apologize for my...
somewhat my...
dramatic entrance.
Give me this.
My apologies. sir.
I didn't introduce myself.
Jonathan Harker. solicitor.
You are quite young for a lawyer.
Yes. I'm Jordan Filippo's office in Paris
already. sir.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
And you are?
Vlad the Second.
Prince of Wallachia.
Gond.
Raccoon.
Oh. your excellency. I apologize for my
clumsiness.
Yes. I was given no physical description
of you.
My portrait is not well known.
except on these walls.
Oh.
My goodness.
Is that a gramophone?
Yes. it is.
I've never seen one before.
I'm very curious
to... Later. maybe.
Let us die.
Fine.
Appetite is a pleasure to see.
young man.
Anything is so delicious. and to be
honest. I was starving to death.
I certainly won't be the case here.
The upkeep of such an abode must require
countless months' staff.
Too many.
And yet. I'm puzzled not to have seen any.
They are very discreet.
You aren't eating?
Later.
Try these.
Nice trick.
Fantastic flavor.
It is one of the recipes I bring back from
India.
You travel a lot?
Not anymore. but...
Once upon a time. yes.
I visited every continent and crossed all
oceans.
Well. you must have so many wonderful
stories to tell him.
I do.
What are your troubles for?
What?
A pleasure.
I handle certain affairs. it is true.
But I am retired now.
I let my associates travel around the
world in my place.
And as my associate. Mr. Jenkins.
you arranged for my visit here.
And once again. let me thank you for
putting me a moment of your time.
I have plenty of time.
So. what brings you here. young man?
Well. among the many properties that you
own in Europe. there is one in particular.
An old abbey in the heart of Paris.
The county which we represent.
Given the dilapidated state of the property.
if you might be interested in selling.
I think it's this one.
No. not this one.
Sorry.
I must admit. the world is quite chaotic
to get here.
My stuff is all upside down.
And what do they want to do with it?
The hospital. I believe.
the Great Paris Exhibition is
coming soon and the city
will receive millions of visitors.
And this one.
It's located near Saint-Germain-des-Pays.
It's not too far from the river I've sent.
I will show you.
You will believe.
Sorry?
I didn't say.
Do you believe in God?
Not really.
The coach might give it to me.
All the positions will be deep.
I suppose.
We're last talking for tonight.
This castle is well
guided. but I prefer you
to not leave your room
under any circumstances.
Forgive me. but what exactly are you
afraid of?
Old castles like this are filled with
memories that might haunt you.
Oh. not suspicious.
That is a pity.
Watch it.
It is a bit...
Good evening.
How may I help you. Father?
I'd like to speak to Mr. Henry William
Spencer. please.
Yes?
My apologies for disturbing at such a late
hour.
I was sent by a friend. Dr. Dumont.
of the Wooded Ewe Hospital.
Oh. God. the hospital of Maria.
Indeed.
There's something wrong for the foreigner.
Yes. no. she's alive. clinically speaking.
Oh. thank God.
Please come.
Sit down.
Tell me everything. Father.
And where it's sick. is that health state.
at least?
She doesn't eat much drinks reasonably
well. yet she's bursting with energy.
Not both well. no.
Not both.
Very well.
Yet. do we know more about this evil thing
that's eating away at her?
We're making progress. but
as you know. the sides is a long.
winding road that we can
only travel step by tiny step.
You have a very nice place here.
It belongs to the English Crown.
Yeah. the Crown has always known how to
make good investments.
What can I do to you. Father?
I'd like to visit her room.
May I ask what you're looking for?
Nothing in particular.
It's just important that no stone be left
unturned.
You're a bit like an inspector on a police
investigation.
Precisely. except I tried to solve the
case before the murder.
I'll leave you to it.
And if you ever need any help on any
occasion. I'm your son.
Thank you.
I swear I'm kind of you.
You should
not have left the other room.
Oh. my God.
He
Is not welcome here.
I need a demo.
God. evil.
Two almost identical entities.
Two minds battling one another without
showing themselves.
And we are their playthings.
We are puppets that move only in their
behest.
No!
Do you intend to kill me?
I do.
But not right away.
It is important to wait until the blood
and gorgeously head.
Who are you. really?
I am just a poor soul condemned by God.
And cursed to walk in the shadow of death
for all eternity.
And sustain myself in the fresh world.
Even the blood is recommended.
Why would God do such a thing?
He is only having mercy.
Oh. I thought you were not a believer.
I am now.
Thank you.
What is your last wish?
Tell me your story.
My story?
Yes.
Please.
I want to know everything about you.
This is your last wish.
Is to listen to a story from an old man.
I am dying too.
You are dying.
It is very funny.
Let's grant it then.
Lower him down.
No!
Life is nothing but a long hard road.
my friend.
Death is a privilege that God grants you.
And denies me.
And yet. I was one of his most faithful
servants.
What happened?
He took my wife.
My princess.
The love of my life.
Since then. I have lived on. waiting for
her every time.
How long?
Is that?
400 years.
That's pretty long.
But how can you be sure she will come
back?
Sometimes pure souls can be reincarnated.
And my beloved was the curious of them
all.
Forgive me. but I presume you don't know
when.
That doesn't seem like a very good deal.
And I have known that.
Soon I got mad at what the fire did with
my lawyer.
You've been looking forward this time.
The task has not been easy.
The black bears spread all over Europe for
centuries.
Nearly 200 million souls were decimated.
Half of them women.
This made my research all the more
difficult because all the remaining women
were gathered in holy places where I was
not welcome.
I was so lonely that I began to envy the
unfortunate that death claimed.
Living without love is the worst disease
of all. my friend.
It is like a fine. incessant rain that
gradually eats away at your bones turning
you into a formless sponge unable to stand
upright.
You lose your faith.
And yet they said that hope is the spice
of life.
In my case I would prefer that hope kills
me.
God denied me the right to.
Over time all desire disappears.
Even a desire to end one's life.
All you are left with is
an odorless. charmless that
I will find her one day.
But I couldn't visit every castle house in
Helmut.
So if I couldn't go to her I had to find a
way for her to come to me.
How?
Was it?
Now look at this fool as being dramatic.
It is a fragrance that I developed for
over a century.
I visited the great city
of Baghdad known for its
magical gardens of the
thousands among flowers.
Then I continued my journey
to Kannach in Libya. where I
learned to capture the souls
of the most sensitive flowers.
But it was only back in Europe that my
research came to fruition.
First. to the colorful fields of
grass in France where some
flowers have intoxicated
our imaginations for centuries.
And then finally. in the heart of Italy.
the magnificent city of Florence which
was. at the time. the capital of all the
Persians.
Then. indeed. this is it.
The color is quite pleasant.
Oh. the wine. the color. the city is
divine and the effect guaranteed.
We shall see.
Perhaps it would be wiser to try it
outside.
No. this seems to be the ideal place.
Oh. my money.
Perfume was highly effective. more
powerful than I could have ever imagined.
This
period was not the most unpleasant.
Indeed.
And then. after visiting
every court in Europe. I ended
my journey with the famous
French court of Versailles.
I blew his number.
I forget.
This little buttercup had the bright idea
to bring together all his nobles and his
artists and his kingdom to keep close her
eyes on them.
There is no
peace. Elizabeth. I had returned.
She would be here.
I had never been so close to finding her.
Elizabeth?
No. I'm not.
Elizabeth.
Elizabeth. I'll change my name if you
insist.
And on this day. hope left me.
Effort times.
the fists which left no place for love.
My
Associates were as unlucky as I was.
So I returned to my Elizabeth.
And since then. I have rarely
left this castle to the wounded
hope that one day my disciples
will finally find my beloved.
And you have to spare me peace.
I do have a beloved and your separated
survivor.
In whose name?
God.
In the name of love.
Are you Mary?
Of course you have just before I left.
And she accepted.
Yes. she did.
We do be well as soon as I return.
That is unfortunate.
If you kill me. should I agree if I know
it?
What does she look like?
The looking bear around the neck inside is
a photograph.
The looking bear.
Leave me.
This woman. you are my young man.
But I want you to spare your life for
finding out for me.
Keep your prison.
It looks like one sheet.
And my horses!
I need to
go on some fresh blood!
He's a man.
A woman now a prince is searching for a
new great city of Paris.
He's been looking for his beloved for more
than 400 years.
We've been tracking him for just as long.
But the resolution of his endless wait is
about to happen.
Now. right here in the heart of Paris.
She's left-handed.
Yeah. good observation.
This book contains all observations my
congregation has compiled over the centuries.
You speak German?
No.
Well. let me read you a little piece.
It is likely that these
creatures are the
way they are as a
result of the divine curse.
If God can give life. then consequently he
can also give death.
But he can refuse in cases of great
offense or blasphemy.
Then the offender will be condemned to
wander the earth for all time.
But even more interesting. God can forgive
the offender.
However. in the event
of true repentance. death
will be granted and
the curse will be lifted.
This means if we succeed
in destroying this demon. all
those who he's bitten will
be freed from the curse.
And suppose we do manage to find this
demon?
How do you intend to get rid of it?
That's the easy part.
You drive a steak. throw his heart with a
hammer and cut off his head.
Wonderful.
Yeah. another book it's mentioned that
cloves of garlic will cause it to flee.
I doubt this method is effective.
Yet more within my grasp.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
First. we have to find this woman.
Because she's the only one who can lead us
to her.
Strange.
What?
The young woman in the portrait.
Yes. what about her?
She bears a striking resemblance to the
young woman.
Yes. we'll keep waiting in the next room.
And then?
Are you Dr. Dumont?
Indeed.
How can I help you?
I'm a friend of Marie de Montebello.
I learned that she's under your care and I
came to inquire as to her condition.
Of course.
Two rooms?
Do you have the honor?
Me neither.
Me neither. Marie.
I was at Maria's wedding when tragedy
occurred.
You knew her well.
You knew?
Oh.
No. no. please.
My apologies.
No. no. she's married.
I'm in her condition is that I'm sorry.
Please be to God.
You did. my child.
Would you mind if we would ask you a few
questions that could help her recover?
Yes. of course.
Are you related?
No. not at all.
I'm not from here.
Can you tell us about your relationship
behavior?
Well. I met Maria a few days ago at a tea
party. at her future husband organized.
Henry.
And she saw me.
She took me under her weight.
She never really let me go.
It was as if she could sense that I didn't
really belong.
She took me into her room and we talked.
We laughed a lot.
It was so nice.
What did you talk about?
She could talk about anything.
She was particularly fond of discussing love
to the point of making me uncomfortable.
She was so excited.
About what exactly?
About everything.
And then suddenly she just...
She tore herself apart.
Why did you attend that wedding?
I accompanied my fiancé. who knows
everyone. it seems.
He's from a very respected family.
I suppose.
You suppose?
Yes. I do.
I don't know.
Get some water. please.
My dear child. you have before you a
doctor and a priest. both bound by the
strictest conflict in geology.
You can express yourself without fear.
To tell you the truth. this wedding has
upset me.
Like a bad premonition.
My engagement happened so quickly.
I don't.
I don't know.
Do you love him?
I do. of course.
He's wonderful.
Any young woman would be delighted by such
a mattress.
But you're not any young woman.
I can't help but
feel like I... as if I...
As if?
As if I don't belong in this time.
I apologize.
I keep us thinking quite the night.
even.
I'm boring you with my
problems. I... Absolutely not.
Quite the contrary.
Could you write down your address.
please?
Of course.
I'm staying in a boarding house until
Jonathan returns.
You're left-handed.
Yes.
I've often been advised to become
right-handed.
Don't change a thing.
It's very charming.
Thank you for the visit.
Thank you for seeing me.
I'll go now to the hospital chapel and
pray for her.
Excellent idea. my child.
Good day.
What is it. my son?
I have no shelter and have not eaten for
centuries.
I am cold as well.
I will take him to the chapel.
Please. come in.
Come in.
Thank you for the invitation.
Don't move.
I'll get you a bowl of soup.
You will do kind of that.
Don't worry.
You won't catch fire.
Your evil spirits have no effect in the
heart of God.
Not really.
In
The name of the Father. the Son.
and the evil spirit in the air.
Come my sisters. Look what God has
made beyond this prison.
Good evening.
Can I spit all these clothes?
I found them.
You've done very well.
What?
You deserve the reward.
I can't go away.
How close?
I'm sorry for the suffering. Father.
The third moment is here immediately.
I'm coming.
If this patient's disappearance
could bring me a secret
witness. at least for a while.
you can come and help me.
Yeah.
It's yours.
He lost a lot of blood.
I was thinking of getting a transfusion.
I'm sure he would have loved that.
Yeah. yes. of course.
Sorry.
He uses a pleasant perfume.
I never noticed.
How could you have escaped with all the
chains?
If there was an outsider contest.
A man.
He was seen wandering the hospital.
Is that a description?
Mm. 30s. elegant and retreat-rest. blue
eyes. tall and upright. mean eyes in danger.
You must warn her.
Now you call. my child.
Yeah.
I've always loved the spectacles.
I...
Expecting visitors?
No.
I'll see what it's about.
Sorry.
But you're yawning. dear Diane.
Oh. it's a miracle and
some... I'm so in need.
Don't worry.
Evil is gone as quickly as it came.
Let's not speak out anymore.
I've got your feeling.
You tip top shape.
And ready to celebrate my returning
grandson's time.
Talk to you. Monty.
Let you go.
I have so much energy today.
I don't think he could have stopped me.
And your fiancé?
In Scotland.
Oh. look what I have.
But your help will go together.
Where?
Three front row tickets for today's
celebration.
You're welcome.
Three.
Oh. yes. my friend.
The one I've been telling you about is in
town.
And he's dying to meet you.
Quickly. go change.
Go change!
These are wonderful hot chocolate.
You have to try it.
I
Know my friend is very beautiful.
but I'm a bit offended.
Forgive me.
Your beauty brings light to this place
filled with dark suits and top hats.
Very true.
Madame. it is an honor and a pleasure to
see you again.
Have we met before?
In a dream. perhaps.
I have this strange feeling that we have
known each other for a long time.
That's very romantic.
Very.
Excuse me. I seem to have lost my mind and
my manners.
Let the second Prince of the Light come
back home.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Maria. you promised me hot chocolate.
Yes.
But first. we're going to have a little
fun.
Sorry.
Ladies and gentelman. I'm going to feed
the beast.
I took the liberty to have libations
prepared while we went for the light show.
Excellent.
Maria. it's not really proper to visit the
room of a man we've really just met.
Don't worry.
What do you think?
It's wonderful.
I don't know about you. but I'm starving.
I'm exhausted.
All right. all right.
Oh. you sit here. Princess. and I'll bring
you a hot chocolate.
Thank
you for accepting my invitation.
Your apartment is fit for a king.
I'm just a prince.
Sorry.
You live in Paris?
No.
Go the north. and the country.
where life is quieter.
You like the quiet?
Not at all.
I love nature.
Birds. trees. in the wind that makes them
sing.
May I ask. where do you live?
My family home is an old castle at the foot
of the Carpathian Mountains in Romania.
There I know only winter and loneliness.
I love winter. but it's harsh landscapes.
My parents dream of Andalusia.
Perhaps the memory of another older life.
I suppose so.
May I show you something?
Yes.
It's beautiful.
What is it?
It is a music box.
Many people think it was invented in the
18th century by the Swiss. but I found
this one at the emergency table in
Constantinople.
The dates from the 15th century.
Mark.
I gave it to my wife as a gift.
You're married?
We don't.
Forgive me.
You're forgiven.
And it still works?
Of course.
Do you love this reality?
It seems so familiar.
I've traced my memory.
I don't know from where. when.
I'm searching.
Do you feel any of this about us?
I can't dispel any of it anymore.
Love me. love.
I'm only haunted by the memory of my wife.
my one and only love.
And you look so much like her.
It troubles me.
Her name was Elisabetha.
And when she wanted. she used to play this
little tune that echoed through the castle.
It was my signal to run to her.
This is all very touching.
I am Mina.
Mina Murray.
And I am getting married in a few weeks'
time.
Yes. of course.
Forgive me for bothering you with my
stories.
These are all pains that your presence has
brought back to life.
I sincerely apologize for this.
Please.
I cannot accept this.
It's far too precious.
Your gift can never be refused.
And maybe this melody brings back some
memories.
Mina!
Come!
Let's get a start in ten seconds.
It's here.
Thank you for a wonderful evening.
It has been an eternity since I
have known such... habies.
It's the word we come unfamiliar to you.
My wife took it with her.
Good night. then.
Oh.
Good night.
Shut up.
What has happened to you?
Of those old windows.
Here we go.
Please.
It's better we rested.
It's gone out.
What's happened to him?
Mina. do you know where he went?
No. not exactly.
To a castle where he was
held prisoner. and from which he
was miraculously able to
escape at the risk of his very life.
And do you know who owned his castle?
No.
Maria's very good
friend. Count Dracula. the
one who was infected
her. and many others.
No. you must be mistaken.
The Count is charming.
You've met him.
He is the Count.
He's an absolute gentleman.
He even walked me to my door.
He's...
I don't understand.
How did he find you?
I don't know.
What happened so quickly?
Maria came here.
When she told me you had released her.
Maria's kept knocking
out three guards in the
process and drained most
of the blood from my clock.
Mike. Mike. don't leave it.
Take a seat.
Call yourself. because
what I'm about to tell you will
be difficult to hear and
even more so to understand.
That man is a hematophagus.
It feeds exclusively on fresh blood.
human blood mostly.
He's a vampire.
Yes. he is.
It bites its victims usually in the neck
and sucks their blood until they're dead.
Some of them are. so to say. spared.
but they become vampires themselves.
Oh my God.
Maria is one of them.
I need to make sure that you're not as
well.
Of course not.
He never touched or disrespected me.
He behaved like a perfect gentleman.
He uses a perfume to seduce
his victims. a kind of elixir
that annihilates all will
and removes all inhibition.
So you may be under his bill and not even
know it.
Indeed.
But it's easy to verify.
May I see your neck. please?
I'm not gonna stop you.
All this is well.
It's a miracle. really.
Please. please.
This way.
We need to make something.
Quiet. please.
We have guests.
We are sleeping.
Yes. yes.
Sorry.
Careful. yeah.
Yes?
Miss. I seem to remember being perfectly
about the walls of the house.
We don't know you think of the ABM.
I'll be back in a minute.
Please forgive me. I haven't noticed the
time.
Good.
Now. sir.
If you were the gentleman. you claim to me
you would leave this room immediately.
I understand.
My regards.
No. no. that way.
Go out the way you came.
What are you doing?
You cannot jump it's much too high.
I mean. I've waited almost four hundred
years to see you again.
So if you want me to leave. I can.
Yes. no. leave.
No. I can't beat you.
I'm getting yourself under my window.
So you'd like me to die further away.
Yes. no. yes.
Just give it back to me immediately.
You're right.
You're not your one.
You're trying to seduce me like you do to
all your victims.
You're right.
It is a perfume. but I never use it with
you.
I'm told you drink the blood of your
victims.
It's true.
If you're not my victim. you're allowed to
love me.
Quiet.
The one and only true love me.
Who are you to talk to me like that?
My own band. you know.
I'm a dead man condemned by God's will to
live.
Why would God use such a new man?
Because he took it from me.
So I cursed him and abandoned him.
He called me into popular belief I don't
like blood.
Even if yours has a delicious taste to it.
Without your time. you
won't be impulsive of
the man and you'd
hardly dare to look at him.
These are just words.
Charming words meant to deceive me.
You're right.
Sometimes words can't deceive you.
Take my hands.
And never lie.
Never tell you the truth about me and the
thoughts about you.
Or about who you really are.
Never tell you how much
they've enjoyed dressing
your face and your
neck and your lips to hold.
Remember the last thing he said to me?
He said. take care of yourself.
my prince.
My king.
My life.
Because I cannot survive without you.
I
Want you to take me.
Now.
You have your whole life there.
I want you to be your friend.
And your bride.
Please. my husband.
Please.
No?
Yes.
That's well.
It's the same as in the hospital.
Think of him.
He's here.
My God.
There's only one place.
It appears Mina's gone missing.
With him?
No. I'm afraid so.
This man is the devil.
He must be stopped as soon as possible.
I appreciate it.
But do you think you'll be able to guide
us to this castle in Romania?
Yes. Father.
We can't just go like that without any
preparation. without any help.
I think I know someone who could help us.
Ta-da!
There we go.
Mother of you.
So you missed me.
Of course.
My darling. I pray for you every day.
What happens is it's a mirror.
It is.
God. hold your prayers.
And here I am completely healed and ready
to love you for the rest of your life.
Henry. I was going mad without you.
Well. you discharged from the hospital.
I asked for you to let me know.
I know. I know.
I left Betty an hour ago and came straight
here.
And you completely killed me.
Of course.
Don't bore me with your questions.
Aren't you excited to see me?
Of course.
Henry. I missed your arms.
And it was for you to pull out your lips.
Especially your neck.
How dare you!
Where are you going?
There is an explanation.
We can explain here.
Oh my god. what have you done?
What have you done?
My friends.
I've been since Elizabeth has retired.
Master.
They are already on your trail.
And we shall defend you soon.
I think it is time for you to leave.
Thank you for your concern.
But we are finally at home.
There is nowhere else to be.
Take this.
I don't think I'll need your services
anymore.
Go in peace now.
You think God will forgive us for loving
each other so much?
God is love.
He understands.
And if he doesn't. he can go to hell.
I can stay here.
That's where he sleeps in his coffin.
The coffin is the last place I want to
sleep.
We all will one day.
So that's...
That's him.
He's inside.
So that's...
The position is greater.
Armada.
I don't do I would spare your life.
Don't make me come back on my heart.
I've always chased my people for so many
years.
Yes.
But rest assured I didn't come to fight
you.
No. I... I fight God.
I'm not interested in his surface.
You're not fighting God. my son.
You're fighting yourself.
No?
No. no. I fought.
And I killed in his name.
We live and we grieve in his name.
Why would he want us to destroy his
creation?
Man kills in his own name.
But you're doing it again.
That is all just really fine.
Why is God seeing you here to kill me?
God sent me here to save you.
So God wants to save me now.
After he denies me the right to die for
centuries.
But this is not a punishment.
This is an opportunity.
Repent and track you down for your
salvation.
She is my salvation.
But you are her damn nation.
I need a little bit more time.
Elizabeth. in curse will disappear if I
die.
You will regain your freedom.
But you are my freedom.
You are my freedom. I am.
Are you going to die?
Dracula?
Do you believe you love her or do you
expect her to sacrifice your life for you?
Your soul still belongs to God.
If you truly love her. let her return to
life and you return to God.
Dracula!
Open the door!
400 years ago
I asked the priest that God spare my wife.
He did not.
Can you hear my prayer this time?
Whether he hears it or not.
only you can change destiny. my son.
If you save her. then you will be in peace
for eternity.
How did he help me thought I changed my
mind?
Because I love you.
I love you too.
Mina!
This breath is broken.
Everything is fine now.
Good.
Thank you.
Good bye